---
layout: essay
type: essay	
title:Introduce Yourself	
date:	2019-08-28
labels: 
  - Introduction
  - Autobiography
---  

Aloha ITM 352 class of Fall 2019.  My name is Douglas Dieckgraefe and I am proud to be your TA!

You may not see me very much because I am a student in the ITM 353 class that occurs simultaneously, but I will try to drop in on you guys as much as possible.

A little about myself:  I took Dr. Kazman's 352 class last Spring when it was still focused on PHP.  I am exicted that the focus has shifted to JavaScript.
I am also familiar with several other langauges to include Java, R, Python, SQL, and more.  I already took ITM 354 and am now taking an ICS class.  
I am not, perhaps on the same level as a senior in the computer science department, but I certainly know enough to help guide you through this 352 course.
My interests in the realm of technology include penetration testing (or ethical hacking if you will) and information security, web design and application programming, and applications for artificial intelligence.
My interests outside of MIS/ITM/ICS are real estate investing and entrepreneurship (I'm also a finance and marketing major in addition to MIS), weight lifting, hiking, swimming, puzzles, and family.
My beautiful wife, named Tori (next to me in the avatar photo) is everything to me.  We just recently found out that were having a baby!  Very excited for that... and scared to death... but mostly happy.

The reason why I chose MIS as one of my majors (and currently my favorite) is because I realized the direction this world is headed.  
Technology will only become more and more important to our society and the business applications keep growing and becoming more and more complex.
I started first with an interest in Finance as it was most closely tied to one of my passions, real estate, but quickly realized that many of the jobs in that industry are quite dull.
I also decided to add Marketing becuase I beleive it is one of the most important skill sets an entrepreneur can have.  If you can't market your product, your business will fail.  
But, the job prospects for that are also somewhat unattractive to me.  While I want to start my own business later, I'll need a job right away so I can pay the bills.  
Marketing will land me mostly sales jobs.  While this can be a great experience (I recommend everyone at least get some sales experience), its not my passion.  
MIS is the field that I beleive can get me the job I want now.  It opens doors for network manager, security analyst, and software developing positions.  
These are things I am more interested in doing in the short term.  That is why MIS is a must for right now.  
Later, by combining all three, I will have a very well rounded business education and be able to better persue entrepreneurial ventures.  

Now on being a TA: I really like helping other students, which is partly why I took on the job of TA.  I also wanted another excuse to maintain my programming skills.  
You can come to me with any questions you may have.  I'll share my contact information through laulima and try to respond to calls and texts the same day if they come in before 8pm and I recognize the number.
Email also works really well for me, because I can see that you're also a UH student (assuming you use your UH email) so maybe try that first.

I look forward to working with all of you!

Mahalo,
Douglas D.
